Build out the principles from the starter lines (#8)
UKHomeOffice/core-cloud: documentation/principles/empowering.md

layout: sub-navigation
order: 106
title: Empowering
excerpt: We aim to allow teams to confidently deliver at pace and scale.
tags:
- principle
eleventyNavigation:
  parent: principles
---
**We design for self-service.** \

> Teams should be able to provision their own resources from our service catalogue or make use of our support model and can pick which is right for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customers should be able to provision their own resources from our service catalogue or make use of our support model and can pick which is right for them.
```
Changed teams to customers but I think the `Empowering` principle needs a little more work but can't quite place what it should be saying right now. Mostly because we need to focus what these principles are for. i.e. if it's only for the core platform product or if its for the core cloud product family. I think principles should probably sit across all of the family

Author: I agree on both points, the theme I was going for was that we're not going to get in the way with process, only guardrails, if you can do that thing yourself do it - if not we're here.

> **We aim to be a 'Minimum Viable Platform'** - light on process, with no unnecessary abstractions or coupling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We endeavour to deliver the right balance of governance and freedom to ensure that we can deliver our guarantee of a secure platform to operate on, without stifling your freedom to innovate
```
I think saying aiming for only MVP isn't great marketing. It sound like we're saying that will do the bare minimum rather that what I think was intended.

Author: I like your one, I was trying to call back to the Mural too directly?

layout: sub-navigation
order: 106
title: Empowering
excerpt: We aim to allow customers to confidently deliver at pace and scale.
tags:
- principle
eleventyNavigation:
  parent: principles
---
**We design for self-service.** \
Customers should be able to provision their own resources from our service catalogue or make use of our support model and can pick which is right for them.

> **We endeavour to deliver the right balance of governance and freedom** to ensure that we can deliver our guarantee of a secure platform to operate on, without stifling your freedom to innovate

Reviewer: Is there a concern with offering freedom?

> **We endeavour to deliver the right balance of governance and freedom** to ensure that we can deliver our guarantee of a secure platform to operate on, without stifling your freedom to innovate

Author: ```suggestion
**We endeavour to deliver the right balance of governance and freedom** \
We will deliver a secure platform to operate on, without stifling innovation
```
